feat: add implementation (#2)
libp2p/js-libp2p-relay-server: README.md

```

By default it listens on `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws` and has no announce multiaddrs specified.

#### Metrics

Metrics are enabled by default on `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8003` via Prometheus. This address can also be modified with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --metricsMultiaddr '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'
```

Moreover, metrics can also be disabled with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --disableMetrics
```

#### Discovery

A discovery module [libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery) is configured and enabled by default. It can be disabled with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --disablePubsubDiscovery
```

This discovery module uses `_peer-discovery._p2p._pubsub` as a topic for enabling peer discovery. However, other topics can be used with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --discoveryTopics '_peer-discovery._app1._pubsub' '_peer_discovery._app2._pubsub'

> ```

Reviewer: I'd just leave configuring this out, keep it simple. It binds to the global space out of the box, so just avoid people doing the wrong thing. IMO if people need to configure this in depth they can use the config as a template. The point of this repo is basically to get people up and running quickly, so we should just reduce the noise. 

What's the bare minimum I need to do to get this running? The readme should focus on that. I think a consistent PeerId and Announce addresses are the only thing I should actually need to set. I'd prioritize and separate the need to have, from the optional stuff.

Author: I divided them in two now. The required/recommended is in the usage section: `peerId`, `multiaddrs` and `ssl`

Then a new configuration section created for fine tuning of the image

### Docker

When running the relay server in Docker, you can configure the same parameters via environment variables, as follows:

```sh
PEER_ID='./id.json'
LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'
ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA,/dns6/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA'
METRICS_MULTIADDR='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'
DISABLE_METRICS='true'
DISABLE_PUBSUB_DISCOVERY='true'
DISCOVERY_TOPICS='_peer-discovery._app1._pubsub,_peer_discovery._app2._pubsub'
```

> Please note that you should expose expose the used ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics and `150003` for the websockets listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that you should expose the used ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics, `8000` for the TCP transport, and `15002` for the Websockets transport
```

Reviewer: Also, I don't see any defaults aside from metrics. The docker commands include them, but there aren't defaults in the code unless I am missing something.

Author: Ok, perhaps the example below created confusion. I added now `example` before it.

So, the default is in the `getListenAddresses` and is '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15003/ws'. It is also mentioned above in the readme on the multiaddrs subsection. Should I also add a default tcp multiaddr?

```sh
docker build NAME -t libp2p-relay
docker run -p 8003:8003 -p 15002:15002 -p 8000:8000 -e LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' -d libp2p-relay
```

### SSL

> You should setup an SSL certificate with nginx and proxy to the API. You can use a service that already offers an SSL certificate with the server and configure nginx, or you can create valid certificates with for example [Letsencrypt](https://certbot.eff.org/lets-encrypt/osx-nginx). Letsencrypt won’t give you a cert for an IP address (yet) so you need to connect via SSL to a domain name.

Reviewer: Not needed right now, but it would be cool to see an example dockerfile extending this one, templated with nginx and letsencrypt.

Author: Yes, this would be good! I added it in the libp2p production guides README https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/804#discussion_r533421193 as it should probably be not specific to the relay. We can also link it from here afterwards.

> # js-libp2p-hop-relay-server <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: Recommend renaming this to remove the redundancy of hop/server. Will need to be replaced in multiple places
```suggestion
# js-libp2p-relay-server <!-- omit in toc -->
```

A relay is needed in situations where nodes are behind NAT, reverse proxies, firewalls and/or simply don't support the same transports (e.g. go-libp2p vs. browser-libp2p). The circuit relay protocol exists to overcome those scenarios. Nodes with the `auto-relay` feature enabled can automatically bind themselves on a relay to listen for connections on their behalf.

You can read more in its [SPEC](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/tree/master/relay).

## Usage

### Install

```bash
> npm install --global libp2p-relay-server
```

Now you can use the cli command `libp2p-relay-server` to spawn an out of the box libp2p relay server.

### CLI

After installing the relay server, you can use its binary. It accepts several arguments: `--peerId`, `--listenMultiaddrs`, `--announceMultiaddrs`, `--metricsMultiaddr`, `--disableMetrics` and `--disablePubsubDiscovery`.

```sh
libp2p-relay-server [--peerId <jsonFilePath>] [--listenMultiaddrs <ma> ... <ma>] [--announceMultiaddrs <ma> ... <ma>] [--metricsMultiaddr <ma>] [--disableMetrics] [--disablePubsubDiscovery]
```

> The main configuration you should focus are the `PeerId` and the `Multiaddrs`, which are detailed next.

Reviewer: Let's specify why these are important
```suggestion
The main configuration you *should* include are the `PeerId` and `Multiaddrs`, which are detailed next. Using a consistent PeerId will ensure your node's identity is consistent across restarts, and the Multiaddrs will allow you to appropriate bind your local and external addresses so that other peers can connect to you.
```

#### PeerId

You can create a [PeerId](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id) via its [CLI](https://github.com/libp2p/js-peer-id#cli). 

> ```sh

Reviewer: This section is confusion, at first I though this command was going to generate a new PeerId and store it at id.json, but this is the start with an existing ID command. 

```suggestion
Once you have a generated PeerId json file, you can start the relay with that PeerId by specifying its path via the `--peerId` flag:
```sh
```

> libp2p-relay-server --peerId id.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libp2p-relay-server --peerId /path/to/peer-id.json
```

```

#### Multiaddrs

> You can specify the libp2p rendezvous server listen and announce multiaddrs. This server is configured with [libp2p-tcp](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-tcp) and [libp2p-websockets](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-websockets) and addresses with this transports should be used. It can always be modified via the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the libp2p rendezvous server listen and announce multiaddrs. This server is configured with [libp2p-tcp](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-tcp) and [libp2p-websockets](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-websockets), so you will only be able to specify addresses for these transports.
```

```sh

> libp2p-relay-server --peerId id.json --listenMultiaddrs '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws' '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' --announceMultiaddrs '/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA' '/dns6/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA'

Reviewer: Peer Id's should not be needed on the announce multiaddrs, these should just be able to be `/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss`. Also this isn't specifying an announced TCP address.
```suggestion
libp2p-relay-server --peerId /path/to/peer-id.json --listenMultiaddrs '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws' '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' --announceMultiaddrs '/dns4/test.io/tcp' '/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss'
```

Reviewer: Perhaps we should clarify what this does? In order to get this working properly the user will need to ensure their docker ports are mapped properly to the external, dialable ports. For example TCP should be 80:8000 and 443:15002 for wss with an SSL proxy in place.

Or just direct them to the docker section below to clarify how binding works (although this doesn't itself require docker).

Author: The binary CLI can be used if someone just wants to experiment locally or does not want to use docker at all. For example, just set up nginx with this. I would keep this simple, as people generally know how to deploy a server, or can easily find out how to do it. Or scroll down to the docker part

```

> By default it listens on `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15003/ws` and has no announce multiaddrs specified.

Reviewer: And it listens on TCP

### Docker

When running the relay server in Docker, you can configure the same parameters via environment variables, as follows:

```sh
PEER_ID='./id.json'
LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'

> ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA,/dns6/test.io/tcp/443/wss/p2p/12D3KooWAuEpJKhCAfNcHycKcZCv9Qy69utLAJ3MobjKpsoKbrGA'

Reviewer: Again shouldn't be needed, if they are it's a bug.
```suggestion
ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss,/dns6/test.io/tcp/443/wss'
```

```

> Please note that you should expose expose the used ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics and `150003` for the websockets listener.

Reviewer: What about TCP?
```suggestion
Please note that you should expose the listening ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics and `150003` for the websockets listener.
```

Example:

```sh
docker build NAME -t libp2p-relay

> docker run -p 8003:8003 -p 15002:15002 -p 8000:8000 -e LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' -d libp2p-relay

Reviewer: It would be helpful to show how to include the peer id file here. Setting `PEER_ID='./id.json'` will fail because no file has been given to docker. This example is just going to create new peer ids.

Also, if we added announce addresses to the example `-e ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/localhost/tcp/8000,/dns4/localhost/tcp/15002/ws'`, people should be able to play around with this locally.

```

### SSL

You should setup an SSL certificate with nginx and proxy to the API. You can use a service that already offers an SSL certificate with the server and configure nginx, or you can create valid certificates with for example [Letsencrypt](https://certbot.eff.org/lets-encrypt/osx-nginx). Letsencrypt won’t give you a cert for an IP address (yet) so you need to connect via SSL to a domain name.

With this, you should specify in your relay the announce multiaddrs for your listening transports. This is specially important for browser peers that will leverage this relay, as browser nodes can only dial peers behind a `DNS+WSS` multiaddr.

## Configuration

Besides the `PeerId` and `Multiaddrs`, this server can also have other configurations for fine tuning.

### Metrics

Metrics are enabled by default on `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8003` via Prometheus. This address can also be modified with:

```sh

> libp2p-relay-server --metricsMultiaddr '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'

Reviewer: We might want to clarify this multiaddr restriction as this should be local only, nodeAddress compatible addresses. Perhaps this should just be a port?

Author: yes, I will change it to be just the port

```

Moreover, metrics can also be disabled with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --disableMetrics
```

### Discovery

A discovery module [libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-pubsub-peer-discovery) is configured and enabled by default. It can be disabled with:

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --disablePubsubDiscovery
```

> ### Docker

Reviewer: There are 2 docker sections. Is this necessary? There is definitely duplicate content here.

Author: Yes, it includes the other configurable options that are not required/recommended as the CLI. I can look into simplifying it a bit, but I think it does not make sense to merge them as they should really be in the same section as the other optional parameters

When running the relay server in Docker, you can configure other parameters via environment variables, as follows:

```sh
METRICS_MULTIADDR='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000'
DISABLE_METRICS='true'
DISABLE_PUBSUB_DISCOVERY='true'
```

> Please note that you should expose expose the used ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics and `150003` for the websockets listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that you should expose the used ports with the docker run command. The default ports used are `8003` for the metrics and `150003` for the websockets listener.
```

Example:

```sh
docker build NAME -t libp2p-relay
docker run -p 8003:8003 -p 15002:15002 -p 8000:8000 -e LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' -e METRICS_MULTIADDR='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000' -e DISABLE_PUBSUB_DISCOVERY='true' -d libp2p-relay
```

### Debug

> You can debug the relay by setting the `DEBUG` environment variable. For instance, you can set it to `libp2p*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can debug the relay by setting the `DEBUG` environment variable. For instance, you can set it to `libp2p*`. These logs can be noisy so you may wish to tune the namespaces that are logging, see the [Debug module](https://github.com/visionmedia/debug) for detailed usage.
```

Once you have a generated PeerId json file, you can start the relay with that PeerId by specifying its path via the `--peerId` flag:
```sh
libp2p-relay-server --peerId /path/to/peer-id.json
```

#### Multiaddrs

You can specify the libp2p rendezvous server listen and announce multiaddrs. This server is configured with [libp2p-tcp](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-tcp) and [libp2p-websockets](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-websockets), so you will only be able to specify addresses for these transports.

```sh
libp2p-relay-server --peerId /path/to/peer-id.json --listenMultiaddrs '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws' '/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8001' --announceMultiaddrs '/dns4/test.io/tcp' '/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss'
```

By default it listens on `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000` and `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15003/ws`. It has no announce multiaddrs specified.

### Docker

When running the relay server in Docker, you can configure the same parameters via environment variables, as follows:

```sh
PEER_ID='/var/local/myapp/id.json'
LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8001'
ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/test.io/tcp/443/wss,/dns6/test.io/tcp/443/wss'
```

> Docker does not provide a clean way of adding a file using the RUN command. As a file should be added before running the server, the easiest way is to create a `Dockerfile` that extends this Docker image and copy a file to a path that you can reference.

Reviewer: This isn't correct, you can mount the file. Here's an example you can just copy paste to get this working, assuming you have a peer id stored at `id.json` in your current directory (`PWD`). I've run this locally, but haven't tried connecting another node to it though. This could replace the example below.

```sh
peer-id --type=ed25519 > id.json
docker run -p 8003:8003 -p 15002:15002 -p 8000:8000 \
-e LISTEN_MULTIADDRS='/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8000,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/15002/ws' \
-e ANNOUNCE_MULTIADDRS='/dns4/localhost/tcp/8000,/dns4/localhost/tcp/15002/ws' \
-e PEER_ID='/etc/opt/relay/id.json' \
-v $PWD/id.json:/etc/opt/relay/id.json \
-d libp2p-relay
```

Edit: added the peer-id command for good measure

Author: Nice thanks! I tried it now and it works, this is a better solution.
